20th...

{overview}:

(Yaad) A bachelor student living far from his home, it's the 20th of the month, and he is out of money. All he has is 500 tk. He borrowed from his friend. Today the cook didn't come due to some emergency, so Yaad had to go to a hotel (a small roadside place to eat for cheap) for lunch. On the way to the hotel, he stumbled upon a friend. Because he didn't want to take everything he had, he asked the friend if he had five hundred dollars in change. His friend, however, had no change. He nevertheless made his way to the hotel. Right outside he checked his pocket and realized his pocket was empty; he lost his last 500 tk. He brags that if... only if his friend had change, he might still have something left. He thought of asking for money from his father. But he was stuck in between. "Should I call?" and "It's the 3rd time in this month I'm asking for money" (hesitation in his mind). But he dialed the number, but before the first ring, he cut the call. After a few minutes of thinking, he thought maybe he could go to a tuition; in these odd hours, the mother of the student might offer him lunch. So he did go to a tuition. and the mother did offer him a meal. She could see humility, shame, and pain in his eyes as he eats. While eating, he thinks, "Why are things like this? Am I doing something wrong? What did I do to deserve this?"
-end-

[ Situation ]

20th September, The month is about to end. Yet the wait feels longer than it should, especially when all you have is 500 tk you borrowed.

Dormitory walls feel closer than the people around you when you're a soul away from home.

[ Desire ]

To eat lunch (not verbally told)

[ Conflict ]
(bua is calling...)
Bua : hello yaad baba...
me : hello Bua, where are you? it's almost 2pm?
bua : Sorry, Baba, but I can't come today it's an emergency.
me : Anything serious?
Bua : Not really, but I can't come today
me ok
(call cut...)

“Huh… now I have to go to a hotel for lunch.”
With money in pocket, he went for the dorm canteen. On the way he stumbles upon a friend, Farhad. He requested 500 in change. But his friend didn't have any. Nevertheless, he went to the canteen, but right before he entered, he checked his pocket.

{5 stages of grief} 
In denial, he went through all of his pockets, hoping that maybe he kept that money in another pocket even though he clearly remembers he kept that money in his left pocket.
In anger he cursed himself,cursed everything and everyone he could think of.
Within himself, he started to bargain, "What if Farhad had change, and I only kept a portion of that 500 tk? I would've had at least something in my hand. Only if Bua didn't take a day off today."
(sound cut/shift)
"Since I was the one who recklessly spent everything I had this month, why am I even pointing the finger at everyone?
I lost the last bit of money I had. what more can I lose?"

Phone in hand, Yaad thought to ask for some money from his dad. He is hesitant to call, stuck between "I should call him" and "It's the 3rd time this month, should I call him?"
Still being stuck in the dilemma, he dialed his dad. But before the first ring, he cut the call.

[Change]
He sat down. His hunger still raging, he began to consider how he could manage his lunch. And suddenly he remembers he had a tuition in the evening.
"I can prepond that tuition, perhaps they might offer me a lunch in this odd hour." He followed his intuition and went to that tuition. The student's mom did offer him lunch.
As he ate, the student's mother saw pain, shame, and humility in his eyes.

[Result]
Staring at the plate, he said to himself, "Why me? What did I do wrong? What am I doing wrong? Am I on the right path? If so, why does everything feel so unbearable?"
